Book: revisit some old updates (#1346)
o1-labs/proof-systems: book/src/specs/kimchi.md

This is used to check that the value fits in 12 bits.

##### Runtime tables

> Another type of lookup tables has been suggested in the [Extended Lookup tables RFC](../rfcs/extended-lookup-tables.md).

Reviewer: Same, should be `[Extended Lookup Tables](../kimchi/extended-lookup-tables.md)`

> Another type of lookup tables has been suggested in the [Extended Lookup tables RFC](../rfcs/extended-lookup-tables.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Another type of lookup tables has been suggested in the [Extended Lookup Tables](../kimchi/extended-lookup-tables.md).
```

> Another type of lookup tables have been suggested in the [Extended Lookup tables RFC](../rfcs/extended-lookup-tables.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another type of lookup tables has been suggested in the [Extended Lookup tables RFC](../rfcs/extended-lookup-tables.md).
```
